W-13140197 Update batch-phases.adoc (#2504)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime: modules/ROOT/pages/batch-phases.adoc

. The Batch Aggregator component continues processing records until there are no more records in the stepping queue that are waiting to be processed by the current Batch Step.
. The Batch Aggregator component sends all the aggregated records to the stepping queue.

> Mule retains a list of all records that succeed or fail to process through each Batch Step. If an event processor in a Batch Step fails to process a record, Mule continues processing the batch, skipping over the failed record in each subsequent Batch Step (based on the 'Accept Policy'). The Batch Job component provides the `maxFailedRecords` property for setting the number records that can fail before the batch job stops. See xref:batch-reference.adoc#ref_batch_job_general_fields[Batch Job Properties].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mule retains a list of all records that succeed or fail to process through each Batch Step. If an event processor in a Batch Step fails to process a record, Mule continues processing the batch, skipping over the failed record in each subsequent Batch Step (based on the `acceptPolicy`). The Batch Job component provides the `maxFailedRecords` property for setting the number records that can fail before the batch job stops. See xref:batch-reference.adoc#ref_batch_job_general_fields[Batch Job Properties].
```
